I have arrived in Ordinis and it is exactly what I expected it to be from my intel. Broken homes, ripped cloths, and people scrounging for food. But something that I did not expect was the unity this kingdom still had. There were people trying to help one another. People acting selflessly. I haven't seen this in a while from a kingdom in such ruin but that's what I am here to do. Keep it in ruin.

A disaster happened today. It rained so heavily that it flooded part of the kingdom. But that did not stop these people. It's like they have seen worse. What happened before I came here? When trying to get more intel on why these people had so much hope I asked a townsman and he just laughed and said "everyone is too stubborn to die." He may be right.

Today I saw a man named Evander who was a part of the royal guard. He helped a widow with her broken roof after curfew. He didn't care for the punishment. He was one if not the only royal guard who had helped the people and cared not for the law as he saw its rottenness. I have seen kingdoms stronger than this fall in days. Yet this one refuses to kneel. The other Harbinger wanted me to help him stop this upcoming rebellion by spreading lies and dwindle their hope. I will do no such thing. A light has sparked inside me, I must help.

The rebellion quietly grows louder, not against the throne but the rot around it. I stitched a boy up and instead of him saying thank you after I did so, he apologized for bleeding on my clothes. I laughed so hard I nearly cried. When I asked why this young boy was helping in such a harsh rebellion he just smiled and said "Someone has to make tomorrow kinder." What a terrifying, unshakable faith he had held. What beautiful foolishness. I once believed power was the only thing capable of changing the world. Now I am no longer certain.

I was spying on Evander from the roof tops and was caught off guard. I somehow got stuck on something up there but I couldn't even remember what. Strange, that's not like me. Evander did catch me but I wasn't in trouble. He instead just helped me. We talked and he asked why I was here and stayed. I didn't tell him the whole truth of why but instead just told him that every day I see the people and him talk about a brighter future. I actually started to believe in one. I fear that more than any monster.

The rebellion has won and the people elected Evander as the new king for his kindness and bravery to the townspeople. You should have seen his face. He looked less like a ruler and more like a man terrified of failing those who believed in him. Good. Fear will keep him human. But even through his fear, he asked me to stand beside him. As his queen. It still feels like a borrowed title as I have worn many masks in my life. This one I truly wish to be mine.

Today we adopted a child, not a human, or elf. A tiefling. A boy wandering in the kingdom with no family or friends. His name, Cullum. He tried stealing Evander's rings during our first meet. Evander tried not to notice until the boy proudly announced he had succeeded. I've never seen Evander laugh so hard. The court protested, of course. I silenced them with a single sentence: "There is nothing wrong with giving someone who was dealt a bad hand a second chance". Now Cullum sleeps in his own bed, in his own room with silverware he insists he did not take. Mothering is going to be quite the challenege with this one. However I do enjoy this new life.

Lily, she looks just like me.  I don't think I've ever seen Evander hold onto something or someone for that matter so tightly in his life. Cullum declared himself her protector as he realized what a family we were becoming. He claims that he will become a powerful swords man with his new raiper and be the next captain of the royal guard. Such a wild but great dream. But I fear, even now while I hold my daughter, I feel like the distant pull of something old is coming back. I know this feeling all too well.

I was right, something is coming. They have returned or perhaps they never truly left. I can only guess that Harbinger is back. I do not know his exact identity but I do know his tactics. I have hidden a relic within this kingdom that can help fight against it. He uses fear to control others so if that day ever comes, this relic will help you.

If you are reading this then I did not return. They are here, and you may need the relic I spoke of. I originally started this journal to help me keep this kingdom in ruin and now I use it for my own pleasure and to help this kingdom stay in the light. I have hoped that I would be able to escape my past life but perhaps I was never truly allowed to. The raiders have started to attack the kingdom and instead of fighting alongside it, I've decided to sacrifice myself. I believe this is for the best. I wish I could have watched Lily grow, and to have seen Cullum grow to be a great prince and swordsman. I wish I could have grown old with my love Evander. But some debts demand payment. If sacrifice is the price to keep Ordinis alive, then I hope my name in history keeps it that way. So long as my children live long enough to speak of it.

To help you save Ordinis and find the relic, you must find the light to reveal the truth.

